DOCS-4412 Adds Test Coverage Documentation (#15939)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/test_coverage/_index.md

---
title: Application Test Coverage
kind: documentation

> description: The Test Coverage page provides recommended views and untested actions for you to create browser tests or compare the number of tests to real user behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Test Coverage page recommends views and actions that need new synthetic browser tests for fuller test coverage, and compares the number of synthetic tests to real user behavior.
```

aliases:
  - /synthetics/dashboards/testing_coverage
further_reading:
- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-coverage-monitoring-datadog/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Track your test coverage with Datadog RUM and Synthetic Monitoring'
- link: '/synthetics/browser_tests'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about Synthetic browser tests'
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about RUM & Session Replay'
---

## Overview

The [**Application Test Coverage** page][1] uses browser data collected from [RUM][2] and [Synthetic browser test results][3] to provide insights about the overall testing coverage of your RUM application. 

{{< img src="synthetics/test_coverage/test_coverage.png" alt="Test Coverage page with an Overview section, Untested Actions section, and a Tested Actions section" style="width:100%" >}}

> You can use the following topics to build a more comprehensive, accurate testing suite:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build a more comprehensive, accurate testing suite by considering the following information presented on the page:
```

> - A list of top visited web pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The top visited web pages
```

- The percentage of tested RUM actions
- The number of tested and total actions
- The number of browser tests covering actions
- The number of real user interactions 

> ## Select a RUM application or view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Investigate test coverage for an application or view
```

> Select a RUM application from the **Application** dropdown menu or a view from the **View Name** dropdown menu. Click **All Actions** or **Custom** to filter the data on [custom actions][4]. Datadog recommends using custom actions. By default, custom actions are unique and offer more accurate coverage results compared to generated actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started understanding the completeness of your test coverate:

1. Select a RUM application from the **Application** dropdown menu or a view from the **View Name** dropdown menu. 
2. Click **Custom** to filter the data on [custom actions][4], which are unique and offer more accurate coverage results compared to generated actions. If you want to include generated actions in the test coverage analysis, select **All Actions**.
3. Identify gaps in your test coverage by examining the information presented in the following sections of the Test Coverage page:
```

**Test Coverage Overview** 

> : Displays the percentage of actions being tested, the percentage of actions being tested weighted by the number of real user interactions, along with a list of top views, the count of user sessions, the count of browser tests, and the percentage of actions being tested. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Displays the percentage of actions being tested, the percentage of actions being tested weighted by the number of real user interactions, and a list of top views with their counts of user sessions and browser tests, and the percentage of actions being tested. 
```

**Untested Actions**

> : Displays the number of untested user actions, the number of total actions collected, along with a list of top actions that real users most interact with, but are not being tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Displays the number of untested user actions, the number of total actions collected, and a list of top actions that real users most interact with but are _not_ being tested.
```

**Tested Actions**

> : Displays the number of browser tests covering user actions, the number of real user interactions, along with a list of top actions that real users most interact with, and are being tested. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Displays the number of browser tests covering user actions, the number of real user interactions, and a list of top actions that real users most interact with and _are_ being tested. 
```

For more information about the data displayed, see [Synthetic Monitoring Metrics][5].

> ## Manage Synthetic browser tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gain insights and add tests
```

> In order to improve your testing coverage and better manage your browser tests, use the [**Test Coverage** page][1] to help answer the following questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the information on the Test Coverage page to answer the following questions:
```

- What actions are not being tested in your application?
- What views are the most popular to your users? 
- What actions need more browser tests?
- What percentage of browser tests are covering user actions? 

> To add a browser test for a top view or untested action, click **+ Create New Browser Test**. By adding the most popular sections of your application to an existing browser test or creating a browser test, you are alerted when key user journeys in your application are negatively impacted by a code change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you determine that you need better test coverage, add a browser test directly from the Test Coverage page:

1. Select a top view or untested action in the list.
2. Click **Create New Browser Test**. 

Add the most popular sections of your application to a new or existing browser test so that you are alerted when key user journeys in your application are negatively impacted by a code change. 
```

{{< img src="synthetics/test_coverage/test_coverage.png" alt="Test Coverage page with an Overview section, Untested Actions section, and a Tested Actions section" style="width:100%" >}}

You can build a more comprehensive, accurate testing suite by considering the following information presented on the page:

- The top visited web pages
- The percentage of tested RUM actions
- The number of tested and total actions
- The number of browser tests covering actions
- The number of real user interactions 

## Investigate test coverage for an application or view

To get started with understanding the completeness of your test coverage:

1. Select a RUM application from the **Application** dropdown menu or a view from the **View Name** dropdown menu. 
2. Click **Custom** to filter the data on [custom actions][4], which are unique and offer more accurate coverage results compared to generated actions. If you want to include generated actions in the test coverage analysis, select **All Actions**.
3. Identify gaps in your test coverage by examining the information presented in the following sections of the Test Coverage page:

**Test Coverage Overview** 

> : Displays the percentage of actions being tested, the percentage of actions being tested weighted by the number of real user interactions, and a list of top views with their counts of user sessions and browser tests, and the percentage of actions being tested. 

Author: Added this additional sentence before the "For more information about the data displayed..." line.

**Untested Actions**
: Displays the number of untested user actions, the number of total actions collected, and a list of top actions that real users most interact with but are _not_ being tested.

**Tested Actions**
: Displays the number of browser tests covering user actions, the number of real user interactions, and a list of top actions that real users most interact with and _are_ being tested. 

For more information about the data displayed, see [Synthetic Monitoring Metrics][5].

## Gain insights and add tests

Use the information on the Test Coverage page to answer the following questions:

- What actions are not being tested in your application?
- What views are the most popular to your users? 
- What actions need more browser tests?
- What percentage of browser tests are covering user actions? 

> 

Reviewer 2: click on an action to discover more.
Access the number of views, sessions and a subset of those including the action https://a.cl.ly/L1u6xBem

---
title: Application Test Coverage
kind: documentation
description: The Test Coverage page recommends views and actions that need new Synthetic browser tests for fuller test coverage, and compares the number of Synthetic tests to real user behavior.
aliases:
  - /synthetics/dashboards/testing_coverage
further_reading:
- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-coverage-monitoring-datadog/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Track your test coverage with Datadog RUM and Synthetic Monitoring'
- link: '/synthetics/browser_tests'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about Synthetic browser tests'
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/browser/tracking_user_actions'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about RUM actions'
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/session_replay'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about Session Replay'
---

## Overview

The [**Application Test Coverage** page][1] uses browser data collected from [RUM][2] and [Synthetic browser test results][3] to provide insights about the overall testing coverage of your RUM application. 

> {{< img src="synthetics/test_coverage/test_coverage.png" alt="Test Coverage page with an Overview section, Untested Actions section, and a Tested Actions section" style="width:100%" >}}

Author: To replace with new image with playback button.
